So before we continue working with this storage we're going to print their contents from the storage
in the shopping cart when the page is loaded so is going on up and the breaks go to the top and Racheal
we're going I create their document ready.
So it's going to be a document that at the very least an hour and even this can't be done and loaded.
And then we create a thing where the comma we're going to laugh which we call get from local storage.
So get thrown look at the story.
She's going to be a new functions are going to scroll to the bottom loads when the woman is ready and
present the courses into shopping.
So we create a foundation that we're going to get from local storage.
So here's what I call this function they get from I get Garces from the storage.
It's a really similar function.
But the other one will read the this from the storage.
And this one is going to bring the contents up courses.
And then I call these 1 courses and let's see they are courses from the local starch and then we're
going to look through the courses and through and into the got like these what are crap courses.
Less core courses it's there for each function and we're going to bring in each course.
So it's going to be course like this knowing what we're going to create that they will grow.
So again to remember that we have the table boy if we scroll to the top they got content shopping cart
content is pointing to this table body scroll to the bottom.
We're going to create a constant that is going to be a rogue document that creates Elliman they will
roll IDs and then what are going to bring their content.
Morgan I called these windrow and we're going to use again in their Istomin equals to them plate or
string literals and it's going to be very similar to the color code that we already have great.
And this one going to companies and based really really similar actually is the same because we have
the cores we can imagine that died on the price and everything is going to be the same.
So before we close there reach we need to bring this into this shopping cart.
So what event our shopping cart content that I've been trying and we're going to insert the role.
So say these open the console you can see that we don't have any errors.
And when the page loads for the first time when I see they take calls from the local Tarrasch.